Dear teacher, I hope you can give me some
advice. I have a male friend, we're kind of
close, and one evening
about two months ago, he took
me out. Near my house,
he stopped, pulled my hand, and
confessed his feelings. Before I could even
answer, he
hugged and kissed me. I was so
surprised, my legs went weak, I felt like I was going to die.
That was the first time anyone had ever
hugged and kissed me. Since then,
I haven't known what to do. I've
tried to love him, but I have
n't succeeded. A few days ago, he asked
me out on Valentine's Day,
but I don't want to at
all. I'm afraid to face him.
I also feel guilty for not being
true to myself. Other people
look forward to Valentine's Day, but I
hate it. I want to
definitively reject him, but I also
feel sorry for him. I don't love
him, and I don't feel happy
being with him. Right now, I
have two conflicting feelings.  "I'm torn between letting go and
holding on. Teacher, what should I do now?
I'd like to ask for your
advice. According to you, since
you have the mindset of 'letting go is
painful, holding on is wrong,' try to
hold on to him until after Valentine's Day so he can
fully reciprocate your
feelings. Then, maybe in about two weeks,
send him a
long message expressing all your feelings so he
understands and wo
n't feel sad or angry.
You can say, 'Although I
don't love you, I find you a
good person, and I
truly appreciate your feelings. But I ca
n't force feelings,
so you can find someone else,
and we can still be friends. If
I ever feel like I have feelings for
you, I'll tell you.' 'For
now, I don't have
those feelings, so let's stop pursuing romantic feelings
and focus
on friendship. In friendship, we can still be friends.'"
Love can arise in friendship, but it
can also not necessarily arise in friendship.
Therefore, we want to live
comfortably. That way, you
won't hurt the guy, you won't cause him suffering
because it will transition to friendship.
Yes, for both of you. After writing that
message, you should proactively
call the guy, invite him
out to eat or hang out, so he can
reconcile a little and feel more comfortable.
Buddhism is a religion that prioritizes
compassion, so you need to understand and
empathize. He loves you very much, and
now, suddenly, he might have a
stroke. He might be sad, depressed,
drink alcohol, and do this and that.
But if you use compassion,
like saying, "Please understand and be compassionate towards me," that's all it takes. Then the
guy
will naturally feel compassion for you and won't feel
abandoned or like he's being unreasonable.
Because when the girl says she's afraid of the guy, she doesn't
think of herself that way, but the
girl has shown understanding, empathy, and truly appreciates
your feelings.  If the guy says that, it
will help you two understand each other better and be kinder.
The girl should also say, "
Yes, I hope we
remain friends, but if there's anything, we
can talk openly with each other, share our feelings,
and understand each other better. I don't
know if we can progress further in the future.
But I think we shouldn't lose our
friendship. Buddhism
emphasizes compassion, so
you won't benefit from one
relationship and you'll benefit from
another. You should also reflect
on your own actions. You have to consider the consequences of your actions and not force feelings in love. You should also examine
your own actions and not force
feelings on everyone
around you, because the concept of love is
just liking. There's love between a man and a
woman, but it's
just liking between you and
other sentient beings. For example,
even with a dog or a cat.
Because if you force feelings on them, they're
dormant.  Picking it up and forcing it to
teach means coercing someone else in
a situation where feelings arise and then
someone else forces them.
These situations are very awkward, so you should
also transform your personality so that your
next love can be fulfilling between
two people who love each other. I
sincerely thank you, teacher. I hope the girl who sent
the question to the program also
heard my sharing.
Oh
[music]